Help Texts

Throughout the Vendor Order Management System an array of Tooltips are laid out to make 
navigation simple and intuitive. Simply hover over a button or text box if you're unsure
about how to navigate or what text to enter.
For more information, you may click on the 'Help' button at any time and it will display 
information on how each form is meant to be used.

Login Screen
To access the Vendor Order Management System you are required to enter your personal username as
well as your secret passsword. Access will be granted to the Vendor Order Management System once
your identity is verified.

Main Menu
In order to access specific subsystems of the Vendor Order Management System, click on the 
respective button of the susbsystem you wish to access.

Employee Manager
Select this option to view current employees, employee access levels, update employee details, 
and to add/delete employees from the Vendor Order Management System. (Only available to managers)

Sales Report Manager
This subsystem will allow you to select a time period from which you will be able to retrieve 
and create a sales report. (Only available to managers)

Supplier Manager
The supplier manager subsystem will allow employees to add suppliers to the Vendor Order
Management System, as well as delete suppliers, view suppliers as well as update supplier
details.

Customer Manager
The customer manager subsystem will allow employees to add customers to the Vendor Order
Management System, as well as delete customers, view customers as well as update customer
details.

Product Manager
The product manager subsystem will allow employees to add products to the Vendor Order
Management System, as well as delete products, view products as well as update product
details.

Customer Quote
Users can view and manage past customer quotes.

Create Customer Quote
This subsystem will allow employees to create a final quotation for a customer. Users can enter
product details, alter prices, add a discount as well as print and e-mail quotations.

